I find that the secret to light and
fluffy scrambled eggs is to cook them
over at low heat and keep them moving in
the skillet and use enough butter to
make them not stick and this will ensure
that the eggs do not take on any color
and that they remain Golden whisk three
eggs in a bowl like this with a fork
people add water they add milk they add
cream for their scrambled eggs but if
you're cooking in a pan the way I'm
going to be doing I find it just if you
have really good eggs you don't need
anything in the eggs at all so basically
a tablespoon of butter and a nonstick
skillet and I'm get the butter so that
when you drop a little bit of moisture
in it it'll splatter don't use too large
a skillet or frying pan to cook your
eggs a little water like that off see
it's splattering like that that's just
as hot as you would need it so whisk
them up put them right into the pan and
just keep moving them around cooking
them over low heat you want the eggs to
cook and set but you don't want them to
brown or get you hard so just stir
around mmm this looks so good really
perfect always put your eggs on a if you
can a heated plate serve with toast or
if you've English muffin and that's it
perfectly good so delicious scrambled
eggs